Okay, so now we're going to write some code.
Remember, we want to do Breadth Research.
So it's apple, banana, cherry, and dates.
To do that, we want to implement a queue.
So to do that, I'm going to actually import deck from collections,
which is a double ended queue.
I'm going to use the appendleft,
and the pop functions of it to do enqueue and dequeue.
So here's some examples of how this works.
But to make it easier to work with,
I'm just going to create my own class queue,
and it will also use a deck.
So when I enqueue, I'm going to use a pen left.
When I dequeue, I'm going to use pop.
But I just also want to double-check to make sure the queue isn't empty when I'm popping.
This is to help me when I call print on my queue object,
that it will print out what's inside of the queue.
So if we run this,
we can go ahead and see.
If we create a queue object,
we enqueue apple and banana and then cherry.
We can see we have,
apple was inserted first,
so it's next in line to be dequeued and then followed by banana and cherry.
Okay, so we add items to the top here and we remove items at the bottom.
Also, if we dequeue,
notice we dequeue apple.
Now the queue just has banana and cherry.